# Native American Art of the Pacific Northwest

### Created by Group 2 (Conner Birdwell, Quinn Enyart, Hunter Everton, David Horwitz, Anna Wallin) for DSCI/LIB 350M at the University of Oregon

This digital collection is focused on the topic of Native Americans in the contemporary state of Oregon and general Pacific Northwest region. The collection is themed around artworks created by Natives among various tribes in these areas. The goal is to show their creativity and cultural traditions in a way that reflects their voices and perspectives. The artwork presented comes from various media, from textiles to wooden sculptures and pencil sketches. The topic of Native Americans in Oregon was due to the personal connection some of our group members have to Native American communities out East. We chose to theme our collection around Native art as we felt that documentation of Native American history and their lives has been centered on the colonial documenters rather than the Native Americans being documented themselves. In many museum exhibits or history projects, Native Americans are often presented through the eyes of outsiders. We thought that collecting the objects of Native Americans directly centers the Native Americans themselves and let the objects they created speak for themselves. The GLAMs that we have used for our collection so far include: The Portland Art Museum, Hallie Ford Museum of Art, The Metropolitan Museum of Art, and the University of Oregon Museum of Natural and Cultural History.

